# konexi-test-service

API Documentation can be found here
https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/11621493/2s93zCZ1VD

## Deployment Instructions
Follow these steps to deploy your Node.js app on an AWS EC2 instance.

Prerequisites
- An AWS account with access to the EC2 service.
- Basic knowledge of using SSH.

### Step 1: Connect to your EC2 Instance
1. Open a terminal or command prompt on your local machine.
Use the following command to connect to your EC2 instance (replace your-ec2-instance-public-ip and /path/to/your/keypair.pem/ppk with the appropriate values):

ssh -i /path/to/your/keypair.pem ec2-user@your-ec2-instance-public-ip

### Step 2: Update NodeJS app github repo
1. Change to the directory where your app is located:
cd /etc/yum.repos.d/konexi-test-service

2. Git fetch and pull latest update of nodejs app (master branch)

### Step 3: Start the Node.js App
1. Start your Node.js app using nohup and forever:
nohup forever start index.js &
Your app is now running in the background on the EC2 instance.

### Step 4: Access your App
Open a web browser and enter the public IP or elastic IP address followed by the port or domain to access your Node.js app.
This project runs in:

http://18.139.116.43:5000/

That's it! Your Node.js app is now deployed on an AWS EC2 instance and accessible from anywhere.

## Troubleshooting
If you encounter any issues during the deployment process, please refer to the following troubleshooting tips:

Ensure that you have correctly set up security groups to allow incoming traffic on the required ports.
Verify that you have transferred all the necessary files to the EC2 instance.
Check the logs generated by forever for any errors or issues with your app.
If your app is not accessible, ensure that the public IP or elastic IP is correctly assigned to your EC2 instance.
If you need further assistance, please feel free to reach out for support.
